Validators Testnet Docs (#190)
helium/docs: docs/mine-hnt/validators/testtokens.mdx

---
id: validator-tnt
title: Obtain test tokens (TNT)
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: Obtain test tokens
slug: /mine-hnt/validators/validator-tnt
---

import useBaseUrl from "@docusaurus/useBaseUrl";

> # Obtain test tokens (TNT)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Obtain Testnet Network Tokens (TNT)
```

> After your owner wallet is set up you need to obtain test tokens used to stake the validator node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your owner wallet is set up you need to obtain TNT used to stake the validator node.
```

To obtain these TNT you first need your wallet public key. See [Configure a Wallet](/mine-hnt/validators/validator-wallet) for instructions on how to get your public key. 

> Go [here](https://faucet.helium.wtf/) and enter your owner wallet public key where specified and follow the onscreen instructions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Helium Testnet Faucet

When you've created your wallet, go the official [Helium Testnet Faucet]https://faucet.helium.wtf) and supply your owner wallet public key where specified and follow the onscreen instructions. 
```

---
id: validator-tnt
title: Obtain Testnet Network Tokens (TNT)
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: Obtain Testnet Network Tokens (TNT)
slug: /mine-hnt/validators/validator-tnt
---

import useBaseUrl from "@docusaurus/useBaseUrl";

# Obtain Testnet Network Tokens (TNT)
After your owner wallet is set up you need to obtain TNT used to stake the validator node.

To obtain these TNT you first need your wallet public key. See [Configure a Wallet](/mine-hnt/validators/validator-wallet) for instructions on how to get your public key. 

## Helium Testnet Faucet

> When you've created your wallet, go the official [Helium Testnet Faucet]https://faucet.helium.wtf) and supply your owner wallet public key where specified and follow the onscreen instructions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you've created your wallet, go the official [Helium Testnet Faucet](https://faucet.helium.wtf) and supply your owner wallet public key where specified and follow the onscreen instructions. 
```
